tonight was the season premiere of The
Bachelorette here on ABC
The Bachelor franchise has been very
very successful was going on for like I
don't 35 years now and a few years ago
we produced our own hit dating show
called the baby bachelor starring my
nephew Wesley and after what was an
amazing journey Wesley found love he's
engaged to be married in the Year 2033
and with Bachelorette season upon us we
thought it might be fun this time to
help a young lady meet her soul mate and
it is my privilege to present the season
premiere of the baby Bachelorette
tonight on the most dramatic season of
the baby Bachelorette yet passion
tantrums and everlasting love
meet Bianca she's four she's a
Sagittarius and she's looking for a
husband I'm gonna get me and come pretty
- and be a princess 11 tiny suitors
awake
which one will steal Bianca's heart I
think that limo
Jackson is super - we got out of the
limo
whoa hi Jennifer blonde but first - some
bachelors make a strong first impression
high whereas others do not follow follow
let's uh put that 2013 this little guys
big sister Jessie one at all on the baby
bachelor funny ba-ba-ba-ba
so my daughter won the baby bachelor and
my son just stood up where the girls is
out it might be too young to get married
Roxy likes rocks Martin girls
mocha Papa miracle really
that's beautiful
remember so I made my heart sing and one
bachelor doesn't play by the rules
I Alice and I'm awesome Hey Girl hey C
this is Leonard was getting to know each
other in the mansion drama was already
starting to unfold a lot of days here
are playing with the first impression
unicorn at state the contestants should
be on their best behavior
ah are you here for Nadine expected
while some cracked under pressure
others kept their eyes on the prize can
they talk there
sure
I think you beautiful and sweet
Bianca why Brazil you sure she's mine
with Manny at his breaking point Alex
makes his move
Bianca I want to marry you I'm the best
Alex is culture and I like that he can
ride a bike
I have no competition oh it's rolled
Mimi bleak SEPTA's unicorn yeah
I located me on the baby Bachelorette
Bianca gets to know the guys who
gorgeous and the most amazing awesome
incredible heart-wrenching stunning
unbelievable marvellous shocking and
amazing unicorn ceremony in baby
Bachelorette district thanks for
watching if you liked that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares